The Joe Rogan.
Experience. It just shows like, wow, this is wild. It's a wild sport.
It's pretty exciting. One of the rounds of the normal length, three minutes.
Five rounds of three minutes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, exactly. It's.
Very similar to more time.
Yes. But then the crazy part, which my fights,
I fought in a traditional literally rules is that you have an injury tab
and century, meaning that let's say you knock me out, Joe. And then I,
I have the pull me out of my ring and my corner. They slap my face.
They bite my ear. They pull whatever they want to make me up.
They want me to hear ear, but that helps you wake you up. Really hurts.
Now.
They done that. Not to me. I never used it, but.
We'll do that. We'll pull the hair. Yeah.
You've seen them bite each other's ears go.
Just like the mumble them.
She won the ear a little.
Bit. Really? It hurts. No.
Well, I'm sure it hurts, but I mean, what about ice?
It seems like that'd be a better way to wake you everything.
Because let's say you have two minutes to get revived.
Okay. So you get Kao and the fight.
Two minutes to get revived. Why isn't the fight over? I don't know.
That's the traditional back 2000 years ago. They want to give it another chance,
but the WLC, thankfully.
God, that is so crazy. Yeah. WLC is eliminating that.
No without, and I'm good with that.
If we want guys to have a career out of lightweight, right?
It's better for the brain. Oh yeah. A lot better. Yeah, because I've seen,
I think only seen one time. Actually. It was two women, uh, with,
I think Cyrus wait, actually, uh, you get the only guy, um, you know,
you get knocked out. He went back to his corner, got revived and won the fight.
Yay. One went by decision.
And all, no decision Cyrus Washington's corner threw in the towel.
Why don't you do bald pony tail. So funny, man,
is there a girl out there that guys only who are bald with ponytails? Sadly.
Yeah.
Come on. Sadly, somewhat flux the ball ponytail guy. If he's at work,
what's his, what's his game money.
Speaking of ball ponytail. Did you see what happened in the game?
When LeBron's hair fell off?
I, somebody showed me a photo, but I thought that looks so.
Real. It's real. It looked at the guy is a billionaire. He's a,
a God amongst men. He's a giant,
super athlete with a really well shaped head. What the, man. Shave your head.
Shave your head. Pull.
Up that picture. Cause I want to see the. He's got.
Some nonsense glued on his head. That's like not his hair. Look at that.
Look at that. He's his hair moved up and someone had to tell him. So is there.
Oh, thanks bro. So you get the bandana back in place.
His hair moved. Wait, why does he got some glued on his head, bro?
The guy he's handsome. He's a superior physical specimen.
LeBron's hair falls.
Out during games.
Full screen, full screen.
Disappearing. A any Davis is telling him, Hey dog, your hair's up.
Your hair fell off dog. Oh, he did tell him, Hey.
Oh, he's pointing to someone's up? What's your hair? He's laughing.
Are they friends? Yeah. He's the only guy. So I was telling you,
he's the only guy on the team that could probably tell that anybody else would
get traded immediately playing. It was was here. Oh. Oh.
At night last night he didn't have the headset on. Let me fix it up. Nice.
Oh God.
He did have the headset on. No did not.
Last night, but that's nonsense. What's going on with his hair.
Hey, someone wants your hair. Yo dog.
He's laughing. Yo dog got to fix that. Just so weird. Like why would,
why does he want to deal with that? You know what it is?
Cause he hasn't accepted it yet.
Yeah. But also he's still young. He's 35, 35.
But in his mind he's like, am I going to still be the young guy? You know,
but shave your it's like John Siena grew his hair out.
Now I saw him on a billboard and he has long hair and he always had like short
military cuts.
Well, he's trying to be a family man.
Now you were talking about the movies he's doing now.
Like a kid's firefighter movie or some. Oh, come on, dude.
Just kind of, he always seemed to accept the fact that he was like, oh, um,
this is that I'm a genius at this. All right. Well.
Differently. Um, he would do, I mean,
he was probably the most prolific big name guy of all time. And he,
he actually inspired Louis CK to do a new hour every year because that's what he
did. Carlin. George did a new hour every year.
And part of the reason.
Why he did that was 175 nights a.
Year. That's crazy. But part of the reason, why is he owed a lot of money?
Did he, uh, I don't know how that.
In his book, last words he talks about.
Like he bought a jet and sometimes he would get a jet. He in the seventies,
he was that huge. He bought a jet and he would sit on the runway in long island,
um, at a, at a, uh, LaGuardia. Yeah. And uh,
just do Coke in the plan. His book, last words is amazing.
They published it posthumously,
but he was working on it with Tony Hendra before he died. He was so awesome,
man. Like I think about them all the time. Anytime I jump on stage. Cause we,
every night after reboot, we get up on stage and work the crowd and stuff.
Yes. Say hello to him once that was it. Yeah. I met him at the comedy store.
It was very friendly, said hi to everybody said hi to the door guys. Hey said.
Hi to me. Hey.
George. No, he didn't know who the I was. He had no idea just said hi. I said,
Hey man, how you doing? That's it? That was our thing.
I have, uh, I, I mean, I worked with him a few times in the movies and stuff.
He, one of my favorite memories of George Carlin is we go see him, um,
do a show, me and Chris rock. It was me and my wife,
Jen and Chris was married to his wife.
My at that point and George was playing at Caesars in Atlantic city.
And so he's like, I got seats for you guys up front and stuff. So, you know,
rock was like, had his role with the new,
he was like at the height of his game and.
And so we go see the show and Carlin had a bit where he, uh,
it was like people I could do without like guys named skip like that.
And one of them was, uh, people I could do without, uh, uh,
any man over the age of 12 who wears their baseball cap backwards.
So, you know, long before I met him, I'd always see that bit and be like, ah,
so the night we're at the show, he's up there doing it bit. And uh,
and you know, he's like a, another person I could do without Kevin.
You're exempt from this guy's over the age of 12,
whether a baseball cap backwards and rock,
like my eyes lit up and rocks next to me. And Rocco's he knows who you are,
even though like we'd work together on the movie. It was so an.
Exempt though.
Uh, for the, for the show because I was there kind of snack.
But you know, if you've got a similar story coming up, coming out of Iran,
for example, who's not a us ally or they love to go after a Maduro.
And I'm not saying he's a good guy,
but they go after Maduro because he's not a U S allies.
They could harp away on all the negative things about him,
but we're not having a conversation about Jamal Khashoggi.
We're not having a conversation about people being beheaded in the public square
for stuff like sorcery, Joe.
They kill people in Saudi Arabia for sorcery and witchcraft and drug smuggling
and apostasy. If you don't think God is real, and you say that in Saudi Arabia,
they could kill you. They could cut your head off in the public square.
And we had to like killing people.
For sorcery. Really? Yes.
They're killing people for sorcery. It's great.
The Khashoggi thing is super disturbing because it seems like everybody's like,
well, what are you going to do? Well, what are you gonna do? I know. I mean,
it would have been cleaner if they just made him have some sort of heart attack
or an accident or something along those lines possible.
Deniability in any way, the way.
They did it, it's almost like this guy wanted them to do it a certain way.
He wanted them to chop this guy up and put them in bags and deliver them out of
the country and suitcases and or whatever the they did.
However they got rid of them. You know, it's,
it's such a disturbing decision that they made. Yeah.
And they know they're going to get away with it. And again,
this is what happens, right?
It's been over a year. They have, they absolutely have any, when was the murder?
How long ago I won last time I was on the podcast. We spoke about it.
And last time I was on the podcast was a year ago. So it was over a year ago.
And it's just whatever.
Again, if you dare our ally, that means, I mean, they really do.
There's so much business that goes on between the U S and Saudi Arabia and the
weapons deals and everything that the argument Trump,
Trump actually made this argument in the white house sitting next to, you know,
the, the Saudi crown prince. He's like, they're, they're buying so many weapons.
It's so tremendous. The weapons they're buying.
And he holds up like the pictures of this from Raytheon.
And this is what he's getting. This is from Boeing. This is what he's getting.
And it's like, oh my God. Imagine for a second. It's anybody like,
imagine it was a deal like that with Kim Jong-un. He's like, we're selling Kim.
Jong-un these tremendous weapons, right. As today,
who I didn't see if Kim Jong-un.
Young and threatened us today. I think they, I was waiting to show you this. Oh,
you got here. Saudi Arabia is anti witchcraft unit breaks.
Another spell what the unit established in 2009 is charged with
apprehending sourcers and reversing the detrimental effects of their spells
in the Gulf country. Let me see the picture, scroll up for the picture.
Oh my God. That looks like Baghdad. Bob,
you remember Baghdad Bob from, from the Iraq war where like,
when I rack was getting slaughtered, he was like, everything's great.
Iraq's kicking. Remember that? Yes, I do remember that.
It was like their ministry of propaganda guy. Yeah. Yeah.
It's like on my Chalabi, the guy who they want it to be the, uh,
when the severed head of a Wolf wrapped in woman's laundry turned up near the
city of how do you say that? I have no idea in Northern,
Northern Saudi Arabia this week,
authorities knew they had another case of rich witchcraft on their hands,
a capital offense in the ultra conservative desert kingdom.
Is that really what it is? Is that conservative?
It was what my body was responding to against malaria.
The first time I lost 33 pounds in five days. And so I was vomiting,
red and green blood and bile. I lost most of my hearing.
My peripheral vision started disappearing.
I had some called Blackwater fever where my urine was literally as dark as that,
that black clock, um, take pictures of it. And I didn't,
I should probably should have it freaked me out. Uh, five days I didn't urinate.
And then when I finally did, if you Google, uh, Blackwater fever, one in four,
one in two people that get it, they die. You didn't urinate for how many?
Five days, five days I couldn't pee. Oh my, um, they were trying to, uh,
get IVs in me. My veins were collapsing. Oh, geez. Um, so that was,
that was pretty brutal. Um, but yeah, man. So, uh,
I'm getting my health better there. Cause I do want to fight again, if it can.
How can you, if you have this stuff.
In your brain, um, I'm journaling my road to recovery.
But if they don't know what this parasite is, how are they treating it? Like,
what are they, how are they going to get ahold of yourself?
Hopefully they don't find anything. Cause it just got off those rounds of, uh,
so they're testing me for Lyme disease.
They're testing me for all these kinds of parasites, amoebas, bacterias. You.
Can combine disease in the Congo.
Well, I've,
I've been camping out here and I've gotten like a bit by five or 10 ticks.
So, um, but yeah, there there's these wicked kind of ticks. Um,
my record is pulling five roaches out of my beard and one night Christ.
So there's tons of bugs there.
Do you know, does they have, does Oklahoma have that Rocky mountain thing tick?
Not nothing Northern learn lone star tick.
The one that gives you a meat allergy. Have you heard.
I've I've been bit by that one. I don't think I have a meat allergy though.
I hope not.
Yeah. That's a crazy one. Um, what is it called? Uh, alpha gal,
alpha galactose. It's uh, something that,
it's the reaction that this tick bite gives you.
It makes you allergic to this specific element in red meat. Wow. Yeah,
you can only eat fish and like, if you try to eat meat, you'll get really sick.
That's crazy. That is crazy. But they're trying to figure it out why,
and this is going to be crazy. Um,
why I'm 32 and I've had shingles five times. What? My first time I got malaria.
I don't know if you can see the white in my beard over here,
but I got white in my beard. The first time I had malaria.
The second time I had malaria, I had white come out, my beard down here.
So your body's just freaking out. Yeah. So then now I've got shingles, um,
five times. Um, and then this is gonna sound crazy, but I know I have to have a,
uh, this might be too much information,
but I know I have to have a bowel movement whenever my nose starts running. Hmm.
So literally whenever I have to go through my nose starts
running and running and running. How has that connected?
I don't know if that's what they're looking into.
Did you ever see any of Stephen's Chagall? When he was very young,
when he was teaching?
I was totally fast. I mean, it's like, and it's really, it's weird like me,
right? Like act like, like serious actor, thoughtful actor. I'm like,
what did you, you know,
but I like above the law because I was into all that stuff when above the law
came out and there was the scene and above the line, he's in an Ikea auto,
you know,
geeky with the black thing and he's doing this things and I was re I was like,
oh my God. Like, like, this is so cool.
Like when have you ever seen this in a movie? And, um,
and he was a big guy and he made it violent.
Yeah.
It was very unusual sort of contribution to martial arts because men martial
arts movies, he made it realistic. Yeah.
I think it was one of the most realistic martial arts movies.
Yeah. It was. And you know, when you look back on it, it,
it there's things about it that don't date super well, of course, but.
Undenying literally like literally.
What you just showed, the thing, the thing of the guy coming,
it's that simple thing that thrust and the break and the thing is he also
in the film, um, when the guys come at him and I see this,
it shows you how it burns your brain. There's a scene where there's in a,
like a bodega and the guy,
I think he smashes a bottle and he comes at him and he does like a move in
Ikea. It's called like COTA guy sheets. Like he, um, it's like the wrist,
you know, it's like the wrist break flip over. And it was just like, oh my God,
like, he's doing, he's doing like, you know, nuanced,
Ikea moves in a big action movie. It was kind of cool.
I think the first westerner to run a dojo in Japan. I mean,
he was a legitimate Akido master. Yeah.
And I think, but what's interesting is when I studied over there, he was,
it was country. It was,
it was slightly controversial because I don't think he was,
he'd broken away from like, like you Sheba, I Quito.
He was doing,
he was doing like the way that Gracie jiu-jitsu is not pure Japanese jujitsu.
He was doing something with, it was somehow,
it was associated more with Osaka than Tokyo where the Homebrew dojo and I KIDO
is. And I, there was some controversy, there was, there was just, you know,
like the way things are with schools of thought. Hm. But, um, but yeah,
he had a certain legit kind of thing and it's really wild.
Cause people like Mike Ovitz,
who was like the power agent of all of Hollywood in the eighties, you know,
Mike got a black belt training with cigar. Like he was really serious.
[inaudible] um, I didn't know that.
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, it does. But he's a cautionary tale too though.
I mean, not even Novus, I mean, a Seagal, you know,